WU010. Sun Ce
Each time you target someone or is targeted by a red kill or duel, you draw a card
At the beginning of your turn, if you have 1 health, you transform, you must lose 1 life limit and gain the next 2 effects
Can only be gained by transformation, (You draw an extra card, you can always hold the maximum number of cards that you can hold (equaling to your health limit))
Can only be gained by transformation, (at the beginning of your turn, can allow another character to either draw 1 discard x or draw x discard 1 where x is number of health you are injured of.
SHU010. Pang Tong
Once per game, when you are about to die, you can gain back to 3 health, and draw 3 cards and refresh your status.
You can use any clubs as the chain card
WU008. Sun Shang Xiang
You can discard 2 cards in your hand and select one injured male character to gain 1 health for both of you guys
When you lose an equipment in your equipment field, you draw 2 cards
WU011. Xiao Qiao
Must Trigger, your spades are always hearts
When you are about to take damage, you can direct that damage to someone else by discarding a heart, that person takes the damage and then draw cards equaling to the number of health they are injured
WU009. Sun Jian
At the beginning of your turn, can allow another character to either draw 1 discard x or draw x discard 1 where x is number of health you are injured of.
WEI010. Xu Huang
Must trigger, if someone’s draw phase is skipped, you draw a card
You are able to use any black basic or equipment as the skip draw card, your skip draws are infinite range for characters with more or equal hands than you.
YJ111. Xun You
You are able to use all of your hands (at least one) as any instant spell, once per turn
If you take damage, you can draw a card, and if you do you must reveal your hand, then if all the cards in the hand have the same colour, the damage source must discard a card from their hand
YJ001. Cao Zhi
You are able to take other people’s discarded clubs or judgment club cards
If your character is not flipped, you can flip yourself to use a beer, if you are flipped and you take damage, your character can be flipped back.
SP024. Yue Jin
When someone else’s end turn begins, you can discard any basic card, if you do, that character can discard an equipment and let you draw a card, or take damage from you.
YJ102. Cao Zhang
At the draw phase, you can either draw 1 extra (then you cannot use or play any kills, unitl end of turn), or draw 1 fewer (then your kills are infinite range and you can use an extra kill)
SP026. Cao Ang
When someone within 1 range of you (including yourself) is selected as an attack target, you can draw a card and if you do, you must give a card to that character 1 card, if it is equipment that character can use it.
WU012. Tai Shi Ci
Once per turn, you can compare with someone, if you win, you can use one more kill and your kills are infinite range, if you lose, you cannot use kills until end of turn
WEI015. Deng Ai
If you lose cards outside your turn, you can flip a judgment card, if that is not heart, you put it on yourself as a counter
If you have >=3 counters at the beginning of your turn, you transform by decreasing your health limit by 1, by  gaining the effect below:
Can only be gained from the above effect. You can use any of your counter as the (take one) card
SHU012. Jiang Wei
Once per turn, you can ask someone else who has you in the attack range to attack you, if they don’t, you can discard a card from them.
If you do not have cards in the beginning of your turn, you decrease your health limit by 1, and then either gain one health or draw 2 cards, then you gain the next effect
Can only be gained from the above effect. At the beginning of your turn, you are able to look at the top min(x, 5) cards on the deck (where x is the number of players alive in the game). You are able to rearrange the order of these cards or put any number of these cards to the bottom of the deck.
WEI014. Cao Pi
If someone dies, you take all of their cards.
When you take damage, you can let someone draw x number of cards and flip, x is number of health you have lost.
SHU011. Young Zhu Ge Liang
Must trigger, if you have no shield, then it is treated you have the red as dodge shield
You can use all of your blacks as negates.
You can use all of your reds as fireships
WU014. Lu Su
Once per turn, can choose 2 people with different number of cards and discard x(the difference in their number of cards) to switch their hands
In draw phase, you can draw 2 more, if you do so and you end up with more than 5 cards after your draw, you must give half of your cards (round down) to another person with the least number of hands.
WEI013. Xun Yu
Each point of damage, you can let someone draw until they have cards equal to their health limit
You can choose to compare with someone who has more health than you, if you win, you can let that person deal a damage to someone in his attack range, if you lose, you take a damage
WEI008. Xia Hou Yuan
You can choose at most 3 of the following: skip draw+judgment phase, skip main phase+discard 1 equipment, skip discard phase and flip. You can use an infinite range attack for each choice you pick.
QUN012. Cai Wen Ji
When someone takes damage from kill, you can discard a card and look at judgment, if heart, the damaged person gains 1 health, if diamond the damaged person draws 2. If club, the person who dealt damage must discard 2 and if spade the damage dealer flips.
Must Trigger, negate the effects of the character who killed you
WEI009. Zhang He
You can discard a card to skip any of your phases (judgment, draw, main, discard), if you skip draw, you can take 1 from upto 2 people’s hands, if you skip main, you can move a card on the field (judgment, equipment)
YJ304. Gu Yong
You can discard 2 cards to draw a card
At the end phase, you can reveal all of your hands, if they are all of the same colour, you can let x number of people each draw a card, x is the number of hands you reveal.
YJ108. Liu Biao
Can draw x more cards (x is number of different countries) in draw phase, if you do so you cannot target other people with your cards (AOEs don’t target them)
Must Trigger, you can keep x more cards in your hands, (x is number of different countries) .
YJ207. Liu Feng
At the standby phase, can choose up to 2 chars, put 1 card from each of them on you as counters, others can discard 2 counters off you to use a free normal kill on you.
YJ403. Gong Sun Yuan
Once per turn, can reveal all of your hand, if they are of different colours, you can discard an entire colour and then take 1 card from at most x number of people (x is number of cards discarded), if x>=2, then you decrease your health by 1.
YJ004. Gao Shun
Must Trigger, all of your beers are kills
Once per turn, can compare with someone, if you win, you can use infinite kills to that guy and ignore range with that guy and that guy’s shields. If you lose, you cannot use kill until end of turn.
YJ006. Ma Su
Once per turn, can discard a card and choose someone with highest health, deal one damage to that person
When you deal damage to others, you can prevent the damage and take a card from their judgment or equipment field.
YJ204. Guo Huai
At the end of your main phase (before discard phase), if you have used more or equal number of cards this turn than your current health, you draw 2 cards
OL002. Zhu Ge Ke
If you need to use a basic card outside your turn, you can look at the top 2 cards of the deck and use cards from there.
At the main phase, you can discard x number of cards to deal a damage to someone with x number of health in your attack range, if x is 1, then you decrease a health after damage calculation and cannot use this effect again until end of turn.
YJ005. Ling Tong
When you lose any equipment in equipment field or discarded 2 or more cards in the discard phase, you can discard at most a total of 2 cards from up to 2 chars.
YJ104. Guan Xing & Zhang Bao
Can use 2 cards as kill,  if a killed used by this effect deals damage, for that turn all of your red cards can be used as kill and you can kill infinite number of times
YJ306. Ju Shou
Must trigger, if you take damage, if this is your first time for the turn, you gain one health, if it is not, then you decrease your health by 1
If your play 2 cards with same number of suit consecutively, you draw a card.
YJ405. Liu Chen
Can use all cards in hand as a duel, then you and the person who took damage from this duel each draw 1, if you draw >=2 cards from this effect, then you cannot use this effect for this turn.
